User Story
As a user of the Fish Export Service

I require the digital service to provide me with the ability to check if my data has been transferred to CATCH 

So that I am able to provide this information to the importer

 

Acceptance Criteria
Scenario 1 - New page to show EU data integration failed 

Given I have navigated to /create-catch-certificate/$documentNumber/eu-data-integration-failed for a given Catch Certificate

When the page loads

Then the page title is 'There is a problem with EU data integration'

And the text below the title is 'Your catch certificate was created, but the data could not be sent to the EU CATCH system automatically.'

And there is a sub-heading below this text of 'What this means'

And below this sub-heading is text 'The EU importer will need to enter the catch certificate data manually into the CATCH system.

Your catch certificate is still valid and ready to use. You can view or download it from your dashboard.'

And the words 'You can view or download it from your dashboard.' are a hyperlink back to the page /create-catch-certificate/catch-certificates 

And below this text is asub-heading of 'If you need to speak to someone'

And below this sub-heading is text 'Contact the helpline if you're exporting soon and need more information.'

And the page has a Back link at the top which navigates back to the page /create-catch-certificate/catch-certificates 

 

Scenario 2 - Welsh translations

Given I have navigated to /create-catch-certificate/$documentNumber/eu-data-integration-failed for a given Catch Certificate

When I have selected Welsh language

Then the text is translated to Welsh

English text

Welsh translation

There is a problem with EU data integration

Mae yna broblem wrth integreiddio â data'r UE

Your catch certificate was created, but the data could not be sent to the EU CATCH system automatically.

Cafodd eich tystysgrif dalfa ei chreu, ond doedd dim modd anfon y data i system CATCH yr UE yn awtomatig.

What this means

Beth mae hyn yn ei olygu

The EU importer will need to enter the catch certificate data manually into the CATCH system.

Your catch certificate is still valid and ready to use. You can view or download it from your dashboard.

Bydd angen i'r mewnforiwr yn yr UE fewnbynnu data'r dystysgrif dalfa i'r system CATCH â llaw.

Mae eich tystysgrif dalfa yn dal yn ddilys ac yn barod i'w defnyddio. Gallwch ei gweld neu ei lawrlwytho o'ch dangosfwrdd.

If you need to speak to someone

Os oes angen ichi siarad â rhywun

Contact the helpline if you're exporting soon and need more information.

Cysylltwch â'r llinell gymorth os ydych chi'n allforio'n fuan ac angen rhagor o wybodaeth.

Scenario 3 - Non-JS

Given I have navigated to /create-catch-certificate/$documentNumber/eu-data-integration-failed for a given Catch Certificate

When javascript is turned off

Then all the page must be compliant with non javascript

 

Scenario 4  - Accessibility
Given I have navigated to /create-catch-certificate/$documentNumber/eu-data-integration-failed for a given Catch Certificate

Then the page must be compliant with GDS accessibility guidelines

Screen Prototype
https://snd-mmo-fes-prototype-wa.azurewebsites.net/gamma/catch/failed
