Description

image-20260325-152034.png
Issue

On a number of pages we have an icon which indicates that this information is important.
Whilst this information is displayed to sighted users by the symbol, there is no auditory cue for screen reader users, which may result in screen reader users missing the importance of the information and question being asked.


We need to fix it so that the span should contain visually hidden text for screen reader has text inside it to inform screen reader users that the information is important.

Screen reader users are not informed that these messages are warnings.

Users with visual impairments may miss critical instructions or requirements.

Fails accessibility expectations and WCAG success criterion 1.3.1 & 4.1.2.

Impact pages

Page title

Step

URL

Current code

Add a processed product - Create a UK processing statement 

Journey 2, step 6

https://fes-ext.pre.private.defra.gov.uk/create-processing-statement/GBR-2026-PS-0B9049308/add-consignment-details

Current code ref(s): #consignmentDescriptionEmpty > div > div <div class="govuk-warning-text" data-testid="warning-message"> <span class="govuk-warning-text__icon" aria-hidden="true"> <!-- -->!<!-- --> </span> <strong class="govuk-warning-text__text">You must add one processed product at a time.</strong></div>

Add a product to this consignment - Create a UK non-manipulation document 


Journey 3, step 5.

https://fes-ext.pre.private.defra.gov.uk/create-non-manipulation-document/GBR-2026-SD-827F12570/add-product-to-this-consignment

 #main-content > div.govuk-warning-text <div class="govuk-warning-text" data-testid="warning-message"><span class="govuk-warning-text__icon" aria-hidden="true">!</span><strong class="govuk-warning-text__text">Have your product documents ready before you continue. Make sure the entry document is issued by the UK or a third country.</strong></div>

Acceptance Criteria

Screen reader users are informed that these messages are warnings