## User story
Stage 2 - Remix v2 to React router v7 upgrade

As an engineer

I need to go through steps 2-9 as per this documentation Upgrading from Remix to upgrade to React Router V7

## Background

This work depends on stage 1 work

This is where the actual migration work is carried out, though by doing the work in the stage 1, here we should install dependencies, amend imports (things like @remix-run to react-router), create necessary files etc.

If everything is done on stage 1, things at this stage should be slightly easier though there should be a lot of file changes around imports.

This work doesn't have to be carried out immediately after stage 1, though once started all other work for that sprint should be dependent on this as lot of import dependencies will take place and one of the best way to do it is to create an epic branch with stage 2 work on it and the rest of the work for that sprint should be on top of this, otherwise it is likely that it will get very messy.

## Documentation

The following link is the react router documentation that shows step by step the process of upgrading to react router v7.

Upgrading from Remix

This tool remix/2/react-router/upgrade - Codemod Registry  can be utilised to help with this work.  If this tool is used it can help with scenarios 1-7.

## Acceptance Criteria

Scenario 1 - Update dependencies

Go through update dependencies as per updated dependencies step in the upgrade documentation to make sure all dependencies are updated.

Scenario 2 - Change scripts in package.json

Go through change script in the package.json to make necessary updates to reflect the upgrade changes.
Things to be aware here we have custom commands we should adopt these changes in line with our scripts.

Scenario 3 - Add routes.ts file

Go through add routes.ts file step to carry out all the necessary addition/updates

Scenario 4 - Add react router config

Add react router config as per react router config step

Scenario 5 - Add reactRouter plugin to vite.config

Add reactRouter plugin to vite.config as per add reactRouter plugin to vite.config step

Scenario 6 - Enable type safety

Enable type safety as per enable type safety step.

Scenario 7 - Rename components in entry files

Rename components as in the rename components in entry files step

Scenario 8 - Update types for AppLoadContext

This is step can be skipped as we are using remix-server, however please go through update types for ApploadContext to check if this is something that we need to apply in our application or skipped

Scenario 9 - SingleFetch

SingleFetch is configured in vite.config.ts as per v3_singlefetch step

Go through all the addition and modification listed in this step

Scenario 10 - ensure useHydrated components continue to work properly after upgrading to React Router v7 (e.g. the commonDatePicker)
 
Scenario 11 - Integration Test

Add/amend testing files if and where needed (See <attachments> above for file contents. You may not need to search or read the file again.)
